apple’s blockbuster quarter comes as its stock has already reached a record high valuation.
quality issues with the 787 and the delay of the 777x until 2023 highlight all the fixes the plane maker needs to make.
check out live coverage of a crazy market day in which the dow is down 2% but everyone wants to talk about gamestop.
it is tempting to see gamestop’s soaring stock as merely the result of clownish behavior in a chat room. that would be a mistake writes james mackintosh.
one way to tell which luxury-goods brands are in fashion is whether they have raised prices during the pandemic.
tesla is expected to report its first full-year profit a milestone powered by record vehicle deliveries in the face of a global pandemic.
yields have stabilized after surging on democratic senate wins but the sharp increase has alerted investors to the threat higher yields could pose to riskier assets.
shares of a handful of firms such as gamestop have posted triple-digit gains in recent weeks part of a frenzy whipped up by individual investors.
microsoft’s cloud growth and profit margins have accelerated despite intense competition.
stock futures mostly edged lower ahead of a bumper day of major earnings including from tesla apple and facebook and a federal reserve meeting.
goldman sachs slashed david solomon’s 2020 pay by 36% punishment for the bank’s admission last year that it broke u.s. laws in the 1mdb scandal.
the world economy is gearing up for a strong recovery from the coronavirus pandemic after shrinking considerably less than initially feared last year the imf said. but it warned that the outlook remains uncertain.
november marked the highest annual rate of price growth since february 2014.
the aircraft-finance market has opened up again even though jet values remain at risk from the pandemic.
stock futures were little changed ahead of a slew of blue-chip earnings.
microsoft’s results will reflect a big gaming quarter though console production constraints and low margins complicate the story.
small-investor trading activity has stayed super hot in 2021 highlighting the opportunity for big banks to tap into a rare source of growth.
gamestop shares surged ahead of the opening bell in the latest sign that frenetic trading by individual investors is leading to outsize market moves.
sany heavy and zoomlion have gained market share in china while their foreign competitors have been hobbled by covid-19.
international stock indexes and u.s. futures ticked higher as investors anticipated earnings updates from major corporations.
options traders are piling into bullish wagers sending call-options volumes to a single-day record of about 32 million contracts. ‘this is the most popular i’ve seen call buying in my career’.
active investors on average assume much more risk to get lower returns new research suggests.
melvin capital management a fund that bet against gamestop and other stocks is paying a hefty price for shorting.
morgan stanley paid ceo james gorman $33 million in 2020 a 22% raise for a year in which the wall street firm generated record revenue announced two multibillion-dollar acquisitions and avoided the worst of the pandemic-induced recession.
a surge of charitable giving inspired by covid-19 includes innovative efforts as well as random acts of kindness.
those pandemic puppies can come with a big bill according to a 2020 survey of dog owners 47% spend about $3400 annually on the pet.
the tech company whose shares have declined steadily since peaking in 2013 slid 11% friday after reporting a drop in sales for every quarter of 2020.
the prospect of vaccines and a return to economic normalcy are powering a recovery in the lowest-rated junk debt a market made up of companies particularly sensitive to the economy’s direction.
ibm shares tanked friday on latest earnings and the stock is now back below its pre-spin news level. for says big blue's slim-down plan won't be enough -.
u.s. crude prices fell friday dragged lower by growing worries that the global pandemic will spur greater restrictions on travel and economic activity.
in europe high coronavirus infection rates and government restrictions have increased the risk of a second recession since the pandemic first struck.
ultralow interest rates and remote work during the pandemic have increased homebuying demand.
u.s.-listed companies have conducted 57 follow-on stock offerings this year raising $12.35 billion.
the treasury selloff is about inflation expectations not higher ‘real’ yields. investors may need to adjust their old playbooks.
after getting little attention from wall street gm and ford have recently posted some of their biggest stock-market gains in years.
mytheresa has fetched a high price at its debut. although the retailer seems to tick the right boxes not all trends are in its favor.
americans are holding on to their homes longer and that is helping drive house prices to near record highs.
women have fallen fast for bumble’s platform but investors may want to take it slow.
shares of a popular financial-services sector etf eclipsed their february 2020 high.
jobless claims remain above the pre-pandemic peak of 695000 and are higher than in any previous recession for records tracing back to 1967.
the benchmark futures price for palm oil touched the equivalent of $961 a metric ton earlier this month the highest since august 2011 having doubled since may.
a tougher regulatory approach—and probably slower growth—now look inevitable for ant group.
stock futures edged higher on strong earnings and renewed investor enthusiasm for big technology companies.
stocks finished at records amid a busy day of earnings and the biden inauguration.
investors increasingly expect higher inflation but not rate increases from the fed analysts say.
everything is going procter amp gamble’s way. investors should ask whether this is as good as it gets for a while.
can we face a bear market even if the economy booms yes but it would be rare.
morgan stanley’s fourth-quarter profit of $3.39 billion or $1.81 a share beat analyst estimates.
hong kong’s stock market is at a 20-month high and trading volumes have hit records thanks to mainland investors.
hopes for an economic rebound and a slowdown in borrowing have powered u.s. corporate bonds to a strong start in 2021.
goldman reported higher profits punctuating a turbulent year in which the wall street firm benefited from the markets’ quick recovery.
bank of america quarterly profit falls 22%.
bond sales are slowing down after a burst of new issuance at the start of the year an additional boost for prices.
a weird quirk to the stock market this year low-priced stocks have performed best.
a lumentum-coherent deal would combine two companies whose products are used in everything from laser eye surgery to semiconductor manufacturing.
the dollar is up more than 1.5% against a basket of other major currencies since its recent low confounding expectations of a tumbling greenback in 2021.
china’s economy expanded by 2.3% in 2020 roaring back from a historic contraction in the early months of the year.
global stock indexes were mostly lower monday though stocks in hong kong and mainland china posted gains.
market reaction to early earnings reports highlights the stakes for companies as they begin sharing quarterly results and outlooks for coming quarters.
investors have high hopes for the new financial-data giant created by the imminent merger of london stock exchange group and refinitiv.
bullish on cloud computing pet ownership vegan climate investing there’s an etf for that.
the pandemic-puppy craze has been a boon for pet-food and supply companies. but can this bull market outlast covid.
citigroup said profit fell to $4.63 billion though it still beat analysts’ expectations.
the addition of chinese smartphone giant xiaomi to a u.s. investment blacklist wrong-footed analysts and investors sending its shares plunging almost 14%.
jumia technologies shares rose for the third straight day thursday as some investors parsed a short seller’s comments that the the e-commerce company’s stock has ample room to expand.
individual investors who recently piled into gamestop are taking a victory lap this week after shares of the struggling company surged more than 90% in the last two days.
saudi arabia’s production cut has helped send oil prices up following an opec-plus agreement to leave output flat but there is still room for surprise from two formidable oil players outside that group.
shares of the company behind a marketplace for used goods more than doubled in its trading debut thursday.
shares in the industrials and energy sectors led gains in europe while communication services and information technology sectors lost ground.
jpmorgan citigroup and wells fargo kick off fourth-quarter bank earnings this week. here’s what to look for.
blackrock’s quarterly profit rose 19% as investors turned to the money-management giant’s funds through november’s election uncertainty vaccine breakthroughs and a year-end rally.
supreme court justices voice mixed views on whether ftc has authority to recover ill-gotten gains in case involving race-car driver scott tucker.
corn futures opened up 2.5% after rising tuesday by the maximum allowed on the chicago board of trade.
hedge funds score gains when blank- check companies rise after announcing deals to take startups public.
overall consumer inflation was up 1.4% in year ended december the smallest increase in five years.
lenovo the world’s biggest pc maker plans to list in shanghai an announcement that sent its stock to the highest level since 2015.
u.s. stock futures ticked higher ahead of key inflation data and a vote by lawmakers on impeaching president trump during his final week in office.
the yield on the 10-year treasury note headed for a seventh consecutive daily gain.
europe’s lockdown support programs risk creating the kind of festering bad-debt problems that damaged its economy after the financial crisis.
job seekers saw slower growth in openings late last year another sign the labor market is cooling.
the issuance of municipal bonds hit a 10-year high in 2020 as the pandemic weighed on government revenue and interest rates remained low.
the implications for investors of unified government and a boost in stimulus will be mixed but initially good for stock prices.
u.s. stock futures edged higher suggesting major indexes will resume their recent climb after a slide in technology shares weighed on markets.
u.s. government bond yields rose monday despite a decline in stocks headed for a sixth-consecutive session of gains after logging their biggest one-week increase since june.
a popular online brokerage abruptly curbed trading in cryptocurrencies just as bitcoin hit a record high catching investors in one of the hottest corners of the market off guard.
this could be the best year on record for job growth as the economy reopens but the gains won’t offset all pandemic losses.
tech dealmakers are learning that china's waiting game can get expensive writes for -.
it’s a good time to be a property manager in china. government support has helped fuel a frothy rally in this niche area.
slow approval from china is dragging out big technology deals costing u.s. tech companies time and money.
u.s. stock futures fell suggesting the major stock indexes will slide lower as investors booked profits while weighing new uncertainties.
some funds may claim to be tax efficient but once the higher annual fees are paid any gain likely goes poof.
stripe will no longer process payments for president trump’s campaign website following last week’s riot at the capitol.
a revision of the tax code lowers a minimum interest rate making it more feasible for insurers to offer permanent life-insurance policies.
the 100% club a baker’s dozen of stock-fund managers were able to post double-digit gains in a crazy 2020.
democratic victories in georgia senate races last week have spurred investors to bet on a higher spending government that will bring growth and inflation.
if you work in public service or for a nonprofit and you wish to have student-loan debt forgiven make sure you follow these steps.
the average 19.1% gain for u.s. stock funds in 2020 is impressive considering what the economy and markets had to overcome.
cathie wood has ridden stocks like tesla to stardom but funds like ark innovation etf are best avoided after they get hot.
rental home construction climbs as purchase prices surge.
an $850 million legal charge will push credit suisse into a loss denting what had been a strong financial performance by the swiss banking giant during the pandemic.
